Add manual testing to DG (#222)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-T11-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

       Expected: Similar to previous.

1. Deleting an internship while internships are being filtered.

    1. Prerequisites: Filter the internship list using either `findc`, `findp` or `findt` command. Multiple internships in the list.

    2. Test case: Similar to previous<br>
    Expected: Similar to previous

### Updating status of an internship

Command: `status` <br>
More information on usage: [status command](UserGuide.html#updating-status-of-an-internship-application--status)

1. Updating status of an internship while all internships are shown.

    1. Prerequisites: List all internships using the `list` command. Multiple internships in the list.

    2. Test case: `status 1 o`<br>
       Expected: First internship's status is set to `Offered` which is displayed as green on the internship card.

    3. Test case: `status 0 o`<br>
       Expected: No internship status is changed. Error details shown in the error message.

    4. Other incorrect status commands to try: `status 1 j`, `status x o` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous.

> 2. Deleting an internship while internships are being filtered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Updating status of an internship while internships are being filtered.
```

       internships in the list. The first internship in the list has only the `Urgent` tag (case-sensitive).

    2. Test case: Similar to previous<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous

### Deleting tags from an internship

Command: `deltag` <br>
More information on usage: [deltag command](UserGuide.html#deleting-a-tag-from-an-internship-application--deltag)

1. Deleting tags from an internship while all internships are shown.

    1. Prerequisites: List all internships using the `list` command. Multiple internships in the list. The first
       internship in the list has only the `Urgent` tag (case-sensitive).

    2. Test case: `deltag 1 Urgent`<br>
       Expected: The `Urgent` tag is deleted from the first internship in the list.

    3. Test case: `deltag 1 Urgent Remote`<br>
       Expected: No tags are deleted from the any internship. Error details shown in error message.

    4. Test case: `deltag 0 Urgent`<br>
       Expected: No tags are added to any internship. Error details shown in the error message.

    5. Other incorrect status commands to try: `deltag 1`, `deltag x Urgent` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous.

> 2. Adding tags to an internship while internships are being filtered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Deleting tags from an internship while internships are being filtered.
```

    1. Prerequisites: Filter the internship list using either `findc`, `findp` or `findt` command. Multiple 
       internships in the list. The first internship in the list has only the `Urgent` tag (case-sensitive).

    2. Test case: Similar to previous<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous

### Selecting an internship

Command: `select` <br>
More information on usage: [select command](UserGuide.html#selecting-an-internship-application--select)

1. Selecting an internship while all internships are shown.

    1. Prerequisites: List all internships using the `list` command. Multiple internships in the list. 

    2. Test case: `select 1`<br>
       Expected: The first internship is selected and its details are shown on the right panel.

    3. Test case: `select 0`<br>
       Expected: No internship is selected. Error details shown in error message.
    
    5. Other incorrect select commands to try: `select`, `select x` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous.

> 2. Adding tags to an internship while internships are being filtered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Selecting an internship while internships are being filtered.
```

    1. Prerequisites: Filter the internship list using either `findc`, `findp` or `findt` command. Multiple
       internships in the list. 

    2. Test case: Similar to previous<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous

### Editing an internship

Command: `edit` <br>
More information on usage: [edit command](UserGuide.html#editing-an-internship-application--edit)

1. Editing a selected internship.

>     1. Prerequisites: An internship application is selected and displayed on the right panel. The selected internship

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Prerequisites: An internship application is selected using the `select` command and displayed on the right panel. The selected internship
```

    has `POSITION` as `Software Engineer` and has only `Urgent` tag.

    2. Test case: `edit p/Data Analyst`<br>
       Expected: The `POSITION` field of the selected internship is set to `Data Analyst`

    3. Test case: `edit p/Data Analyst t/Remote`<br>
       Expected: The `POSITION` field of the selected internship is set to `Data Analyst` and the selected internship 
       only contains the `Remote` tag.
   
    4. Test case: `edit q/invalid prefix`<br>
       Expected: No internship is edited. Error details shown in error message. 

    5. Other incorrect edit commands to try: `edit`<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous.  
   
2. Editing without any internship selected

   1. Prerequisites: No internship is selected and shown on the right panel.
   
   2. Test case: `edit p/Data Analyst`<br>
      Expected: No internship is edited. Error details shown in error message.

### Adding a task to an internship

Command: `addtask` <br>
More information on usage: [addtask command](UserGuide.html#adding-a-task-to-a-selected-internship-application--addtask)

1. Adding a task to a selected internship.

>     1. Prerequisites: An internship application is selected and displayed on the right panel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Prerequisites: An internship application is selected using the `select` command and displayed on the right panel. 
```

    2. Test case: `addtask Technical Interview /at 12-01-2023 15:00`<br>
       Expected: `Technical Interview` task is added to the task list of the selected internship, added in chronological
       order with the specified time.

    3. Test case: `addtask Technical Interview /at 31-02-2023 12:00`<br>
       Expected: No task is added to the selected internship. Error details shown in error message
    
    4. Other incorrect edit commands to try: `addtask`, `addtask Technical Interview`<br>
        Expected: Similar to previous.

2. Adding a task without any internship selected

    1. Prerequisites: No internship is selected and shown on the right panel.

    2. Test case: `addtask Technical Interview /at 12-01-2023 15:00`<br>
       Expected: No task is added to any internship. Error details shown in error message.

### Deleting a task from an internship

Command: `deltask` <br>
More information on usage: [deltask command](UserGuide.html#deleting-a-task-from-a-selected-internship-application--deltask)

1. Deleting a task from a selected internship.

>     1. Prerequisites: An internship application is selected and displayed on the right panel. The selected internship 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Prerequisites: An internship application is selected using the `select` command and displayed on the right panel. The selected internship 
```

    contains at least one task.

    3. Test case: `deltask 1`<br>
       Expected: The first task on the task list of the selected internship is deleted.

    4. Test case: `deltask 0`<br>
       Expected: No task is deleted from the selected internship. Error details shown in error message

    5. Other incorrect edit commands to try: `deltask`, `deltask x` (where x is larger than the task list size)<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous.

2. Deleting a task without any internship selected

    1. Prerequisites: No internship is selected and shown on the right panel.

    2. Test case: `deltask 1`<br>
       Expected: No task is deleted from any internship. Error details shown in error message.

### Adding a remark to an internship

Command: `remark` <br>
More information on usage: [remark command](UserGuide.html#adding-a-remark-to-an-internship-application--remark)

1. Adding a remark to a selected internship.

>     1. Prerequisites: An internship application is selected and displayed on the right panel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Prerequisites: An internship application is selected using the `select` command and displayed on the right panel. 
```

    2. Test case: `remark r/Read up beforehand`<br>
        Expected: The remark `Read up beforehand` is added to the remark field of the selected internship.

    3. Test case: `remark`<br>
       Expected: No remark is added to the selected internship. Error details shown in error message

2. Adding a remark without any internship selected

    1. Prerequisites: No internship is selected and shown on the right panel.

    2. Test case: `remark r/Read up beforehand`<br>
       Expected: No remark is added to any internship. Error details shown in error message.
   
### Sending an email

Command: `mail` <br>
More information on usage: [mail command](UserGuide.html#sending-an-email-to-a-company--mail)

1. Sending an email to the email of the selected internship

>     1. Prerequisites: An internship application is selected and displayed on the right panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Prerequisites: An internship application is selected using the `select` command and displayed on the right panel.
```

    2. Test case: Similar to previous.<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous. 

### Saving data

1. Dealing with missing/corrupted data files

   1. Open `InTrack.jar` and make any changes to the internship list with the commands provided, being sure to leave at 
   least one internship in the list.
   
   3. Edit the `data/intrack.json` file by making any one of the following changes before saving the file and reopening `InTrack.jar`.
   
      1. Test case: Edit the salary field of the first internship to `invalid`.
      Expected: InTrack starts with an empty internship list.
      
      2. Test case: Edit the status field of the first internship to `invalid`.
      Expected: Similar to previous.
      
      3. Test case: Edit the email field of the first internship to `invalid`.
      Expected: Similar to previous.

2. Dealing with missing files.
   
   1. Test case: Exit InTrack, then delete the `data/intrack.json` file. Reopen InTrack.
   Expected: All internships are deleted. InTrack will start as expected with sample data provided.
   
   2. Test case: Exit InTrack, then delete the `config.json` file. Reopen InTrack.

>    Expected: InTrack starts as expected.

Reviewer: Maybe it would be better to clarify a bit more on what you mean by "InTrack starts as expected". What would be the expected behaviour?
